What are Cookies: Cookies are small text files containing information that is sent from your computer or mobile device. They are unique to your account or browser. • Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. • Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire. • Flash cookies are used to remember the Websites’ settings to personalize the look and feel of the Sites. These are small files on your computer that are placed on your device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built into your device or downloaded by you to your device. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device, delivering a personalized experience consistent with your choices and browser settings. This can help make your interactions with us faster and more secure. Cookies also support relevant information and functionality to enable us to keep the website and information up to date, relevant, and error free, and to provide information about how the website is used. Please be aware that declining or denying cookies may prevent you from being able to use the Sites to their highest capability. Categories of Cookies based on usage: Below are the different types of cookies that we may process on the website Categories of Use Description Authentication If you are logged in, cookies help us direct you to the right information and personalize your experience. Functionality These cookies are required for the operation of website. For example, we may use these to enable you to log into secure areas of website, process orders, or tell us what your language preferences are. These cookies enable you to move around the Sites and use their features. Performance and Analytics These cookies help us to analyze activities on our website. For example, we may use these types of cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for by counting the number of visitors and how they move around on website when they are using them. Personalization These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the website. This enables to help personalize content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Marketing and Advertising Cookies and other technologies record your online activities, including your visits to the website, the pages you have visited, and the links and advertisements you have clicked. If you register on one of the website , or otherwise provide us with your personal data, we may associate that information with other information we collect from or about you or that you provide, information regarding your use of our Sites, or information we receive from or about you from third parties. Sitecore will use this combined data for marketing and analytics purposes. USE OF THIRD-PARTY COOKIES Some of the cookies we use on the websites are from third parties that help us advertise, serve content, communicate with you, and measure the impact of our websites. Google Analytics Evaluates the use of our website and compiles reports on user activity. Google Analytics enable us to: (a) perform analyses of information on location, interests, etc., to learn about our visitors and (b) measure the performance of our website and website content For information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking technologies, click here. SETTING YOUR BROWSER All browsers permit you to reject and/or delete cookies either one at a time or all at once. The procedure for this depends on the browser you use. We have inserted a link to the most commonly used browsers below: • Internet Explorer - click to see page. • Chrome - click to see page. • Firefox - click to see page. • Safari - click to see page. • Opera - click to see page. • Flash cookies - click to see page. • iPhone, iPad and other equipment from Apple - click to see page. • HTML5 - cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. Google cookies - Additionally, you may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, and you may opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. You may specifically opt out of data being collected and used by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. While you can reject or delete cookies if you no longer wish to store them on your computer, please be aware that some functionalities and services may be reduced or will not work as a consequence. Security We use cookies to enable and support Sitecore’s security features that help us to detect security threats and malicious activity.